README.md, before:

CAT
===

A logging library for Android with focus on convenient usage and extensibility.

Download
--------

Download [the latest version][1] or grab via Gradle:

```groovy
dependencies {
    compile 'net.vrallev.android:cat:1.0.5'
}
```

Usage
-----

The class `Cat` serves as entry point and provides many logging methods you may know from `android.util.Log`. The default logging class uses the class name as logging tag.

```java
public void logSomething() {
	Cat.d("Hello world");
}
```

Each logging method has the option to pass arguments for a formatted log message using `String.format()`.

 ```java
 public void logSomething() {
 	Cat.d("%s < %d == %b", "1", 4, true); // "1 < 4 == true"
 }
 ```

Advanced
--------

`Cat` internally uses `CatLazy` which extends from `CatLog`. If you want to use another logging tag, you can create an instance of `CatSimple`.

```java
public class MainActivity extends Activity {

    private static final CatLog CAT = new CatSimple("CustomTag");

    @Override
    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
        setContentView(R.layout.activity_main);

        CAT.d("log with another tag");
    }
}
```

`CatGlobal` provides useful options to change the default logging behavior. E.g. you can disable a specific tag or even package.

```java
CatGlobal.setPackageEnabled("net.vrallev", false); // also disables "net.vrallev.*
CatGlobal.setTagEnabled("MyTag", false);
```

It's even possible to add more log targets. Implement the `CatPrinter` interface and add the printer to a specific `CatLog` instance. `AndroidLog` is the default printer and writers all log entries into LogCat.

```java
public class FilePrinter implements CatPrinter {

    private final Context mContext;
    private final DateFormat mDateFormat;

    public FilePrinter(Context context) {
        mContext = context;
        mDateFormat = new SimpleDateFormat("HH:mm:ss.SSS", Locale.getDefault());
    }

    @Override
    public void println(int priority, @NonNull String tag, @NonNull String msg, @Nullable Throwable t) {
        msg = mDateFormat.format(new Date()) + "\t\t" + tag + "\t\t" + msg + '\n';

        try {
            FileUtils.writeFile(getLogFile(), msg, true);
        } catch (IOException e) {
            Cat.e(e);
        }
    }

    public synchronized File getLogFile() {
        return new File(mContext.getCacheDir(), "log.txt");
    }
}

public class FileActivity extends Activity {

    private static final FilePrinter FILE_PRINTER = new FilePrinter(App.instance());

    private static final CatLog CAT = new CatSimple(FileActivity.class) {{
            addPrinter(FILE_PRINTER);
    }};

    @Override
    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
        setContentView(R.layout.activity_file);

        CAT.d("Hello world in the log file");
    }
}
```

License
-------

    Copyright 2015 Ralf Wondratschek

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


[1]: http://search.maven.org/#search|gav|1|g:"net.vrallev.android"%20AND%20a:"cat"

Commit message:

Mark project as not maintained anymore

README.md, after:

# Deprecated
### This project is not maintained anymore.


~~CAT~~
=======

~~A logging library for Android with focus on convenient usage and extensibility.~~

Download
--------

Download [the latest version][1] or grab via Gradle:

```groovy
dependencies {
    compile 'net.vrallev.android:cat:1.0.5'
}
```

Usage
-----

The class `Cat` serves as entry point and provides many logging methods you may know from `android.util.Log`. The default logging class uses the class name as logging tag.

```java
public void logSomething() {
	Cat.d("Hello world");
}
```

Each logging method has the option to pass arguments for a formatted log message using `String.format()`.

 ```java
 public void logSomething() {
 	Cat.d("%s < %d == %b", "1", 4, true); // "1 < 4 == true"
 }
 ```

Advanced
--------

`Cat` internally uses `CatLazy` which extends from `CatLog`. If you want to use another logging tag, you can create an instance of `CatSimple`.

```java
public class MainActivity extends Activity {

    private static final CatLog CAT = new CatSimple("CustomTag");

    @Override
    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
        setContentView(R.layout.activity_main);

        CAT.d("log with another tag");
    }
}
```

`CatGlobal` provides useful options to change the default logging behavior. E.g. you can disable a specific tag or even package.

```java
CatGlobal.setPackageEnabled("net.vrallev", false); // also disables "net.vrallev.*
CatGlobal.setTagEnabled("MyTag", false);
```

It's even possible to add more log targets. Implement the `CatPrinter` interface and add the printer to a specific `CatLog` instance. `AndroidLog` is the default printer and writers all log entries into LogCat.

```java
public class FilePrinter implements CatPrinter {

    private final Context mContext;
    private final DateFormat mDateFormat;

    public FilePrinter(Context context) {
        mContext = context;
        mDateFormat = new SimpleDateFormat("HH:mm:ss.SSS", Locale.getDefault());
    }

    @Override
    public void println(int priority, @NonNull String tag, @NonNull String msg, @Nullable Throwable t) {
        msg = mDateFormat.format(new Date()) + "\t\t" + tag + "\t\t" + msg + '\n';

        try {
            FileUtils.writeFile(getLogFile(), msg, true);
        } catch (IOException e) {
            Cat.e(e);
        }
    }

    public synchronized File getLogFile() {
        return new File(mContext.getCacheDir(), "log.txt");
    }
}

public class FileActivity extends Activity {

    private static final FilePrinter FILE_PRINTER = new FilePrinter(App.instance());

    private static final CatLog CAT = new CatSimple(FileActivity.class) {{
            addPrinter(FILE_PRINTER);
    }};

    @Override
    protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
        setContentView(R.layout.activity_file);

        CAT.d("Hello world in the log file");
    }
}
```

License
-------

    Copyright 2015 Ralf Wondratschek

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.


[1]: http://search.maven.org/#search|gav|1|g:"net.vrallev.android"%20AND%20a:"cat"
